Add contracts (#715)
Agoric/documentation: main/zoe/guide/contracts/parity-stability-module.md

# Parity Stability Module
<Zoe-Version/>

##### [View the code on Github](https://github.com/Agoric/agoric-sdk/blob/50cd3e240fb33079948fa03b32bda86276879b4a/packages/inter-protocol/src/psm/psm.js#L27) (Last updated: Sept 8, 2022)
##### [View all contracts on Github](https://github.com/Agoric/agoric-sdk/tree/HEAD/packages/zoe/src/contracts)

The Parity Stability Module supports efficiently minting/burning a
stable token at a specified fixed ratio to a reference stable token, which
thereby acts as an anchor to provide additional stability. For flexible
economic policies, the fee percentage for trading into and out of the stable

> token are specified separately.

Reviewer: I'd like to see the descriptions of the offers and results added to the PSM description. If you'd like me to provide draft text, let me know.

> token are specified separately.

Author: I added descriptions of the offers to the PSM description - please let me know how i can make it better thanks! =)

# Parity Stability Module

<Zoe-Version/>

##### [View the code on Github](https://github.com/Agoric/agoric-sdk/blob/50cd3e240fb33079948fa03b32bda86276879b4a/packages/inter-protocol/src/psm/psm.js#L27) (Last updated: Sept 8, 2022)

##### [View all contracts on Github](https://github.com/Agoric/agoric-sdk/tree/HEAD/packages/zoe/src/contracts)

The Parity Stability Module supports efficiently minting/burning the chain's
stable token at a fixed ratio to an externally supplied stable token. The ability
to trade into and out of the chain's stable token at parity with an external token
will add stability to its value. The fee percentage for trading into and out of the
stable token are specified separately.

The external token must be provided to enable trading. The contract doesn't
keep any of the chain's stable token on hand. It is minted on demand, and
burned when received.

The two trading requests, `makeWantMintedInvitation` and `makeGiveMintedInvitation` 

> are used to create invitations to trade. The invitation is a promise for a
> payment that will be redeemed when the offer is made. The offer specifies the
> amount of the external token to be traded, and the amount of the chain's stable
> token to be received. The offer is escrowed, and the contract waits for the
> counterparty to make the matching offer. The contract then mints the stable token
> and pays it to the offer creator, and pays the external token to the counterparty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are used to create invitations to trade. The proposal specifies the amount of the
external token being provided, and the amount of the chain's stable token to be
received. The contract mints the stable token and pays it to the offer creator and
the received external tokens are held by the contract and can be sold to later
callers of `makeGiveMintedInvitation()`.
```

```js
const seat = E(zoe).offer(
   E(publicFacet).makeWantMintedInvitation(),
   harden({
     give: { In: giveAnchor },
     want: { Out: wantMinted } ,
   }),
   harden({ In: anchor.mint.mintPayment(giveAnchor) }),

   const payouts = E(seat).getPayouts();
```

> The contract also supports trading the other way, by burning the chain's stable
> token and paying the external token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The contract also supports trading the other way, (when the contract has those external
assets on hand) by burning the chain's stable token and paying the external token.
```
